Phase 1:
create a basic implementation of the idea.
1. create a basic grid / table that the user can add rows / columns to.
2. allow the user to toggle each div / cell to black or white colors (color A or B) by clicking it.
3. implement the algorithm which converts the grid to the output:
    a. start from bottom of the grid and in reverse direction, read the row. in the end of the row,
       go up and read the next row.
    b. for each row, set a key in an object (row number) and the value is the row stitches data.
       compress consecutive stitches as so: sc(A), sc(A) => 2sc(A).
    c. find the best way to compress all consecutive stitches. remember the scoping riddle.
    d. print the instructions for the user.

Phase 2:
improve the sketch.
1. go over the code and delete unneeded functions and comments, add better comments.
2. change variable names to be more readable.
3. move functions into the JS file.
4. constant table container size.
5. allow user to draw by dragging the mouse.

Phase 3:
vuex.
1. pick a vuex class and study.
2. design a basic structure to app.
3. consult about the structure and improve it.
4. create the sketch app in vuex.

Phase 3 deconstruct:
* write the vuex router and homepage elements
* see that it reaches the store
* create a separate component for the table
* make sure that it gets the data and generates a grid
* create the instructions component
* pass the data to the instructions to create the instructions.

Future features:
1. allow multiple color selection.
2. allow the user to draw by dragging the mouse and by selecting an area to color at once.
3. create random patterns (this can be a whole new algorithm and cool feature - maybe use an AI or other API).
4. allow the user to print the instructions.
5. create a graphical pattern.
6. allow the user to upload an image and convert it to pixels, limit the colors and to the instructions.
7. upload the code to netlify or another server.
8. offer search of patters - ask the user if they agree to share the pattern. save it to the DB with tags,
   and allow users to search the tags.
9. allow connection with password to see your own patterns.
10. display complexity level based on size and color changes.
11. add animations.
12. offer an instructions section where there is a basic explanation on how to tapestry crochet, with a demonstrating video.
13. add an about page with the offer to buy me coffee.
14. add a color selector which allows the user to select a color from an image.
15. add the "I'm looking for inspiration" and "I'm looking for a challenge" tags which
    will offer ideas for projects (see if ravlery has an API)
16. allow the user to insert string measurements and display the estimated final project size.
